If you want to change the world
Start with your bed first
If you arrange your bed every morning
You will have completed the first mission of the day
This will give you a little sense of pride and will encourage you to do other tasks
And others and more
And at the end of the day it will turn into many completed tasks
And arranging your bed will really enhance
The small things in life are important
If you are not able to do small things correctly
Then you will not be able to do the most important things correctly
And if I had a bad day
You will return to the mattress you have arranged
A tidy bed gives you enough courage that tomorrow will be better
To cross the maritime training assignments
A long series of types of swimming must be completed
Someone is swimming at night
The mentors happily brief their students
On all kinds of sharks that live in the waters of San Clemente
They confirm with you however
There is no trainee that has been eaten by any penny
At least no one remembered this had happened
But you also knew
If one penny surrounds your position
You will remain your place
Do not swim far
Do not represent that you are afraid
And if the shark
And if the shark wanted you for a dinner, head towards you
Then gather your strength
The punch is on his snout
He will be included again
There are a lot of sharks in this world
If you hope to complete swimming
You have to make a deal with them
So if you want to change the world
Do not be afraid and retreat in front of the sharks
After a few weeks of difficult exercises
My sailing class started with 150 men
Only 42 of them remain
There are now 6 boats each for 7 men
I was on a boat with tall men
But the best crew made was young men
We call them Mengin crew
None of them was longer than 5 feet
The men short crew contained an American Indian, African American and Polish American
Greek American and Italian American
And 2 were from the Midwest
They outperformed all other teams
There is a tall man in another team
He was fun-loving in nature
From small fins
That Al-Qassar team places on their legs
Before every time they swim
But somehow these ones
From every corner of the earth
They always laugh at last
They swim faster than all teams and first reach the beach
Faster than others
Maritime training was a good simulator
Nothing important but your determination to succeed
Neither your education nor your social skills
If you want to change the world
See the person the size of his heart
Neither their height nor their fins
The 9 weeks of training were called Hell Weeks
6 days without sleep
Suffering from physical and mental pain
And one special day is clay day
The clay area is from the Hilla region between San Diego and Taiwan
Where the water runs out
A mud swamp where mud will drown you
It is Wednesday of the week of Hell
But the trainees are sleeping in the mud
They spend the next 15 hours
Trying to survive the bitter cold
And the pressure placed on them by the mentors
And when the sun begins to sunset on Wednesday evening
My training class
They made some terrible mistakes in the rules
That I ordered in the mud
Clay consumes every man
There is nothing clear except their heads
The supervisors told us that we can leave the mud now
If 5 men quit
Five men only five!
Then we can get out of the cold death
Look around the mud swamp
It was clear that some of the trainees were about to surrender
It had been 8 hours to stay and our bones chilled
Teeth shiver and officials complain
From the loud trainees
Then there was one voice that echoed at night
Ola sounded like a song
Bad song notes
But the enthusiasm in it was wonderful
One vote became two
And then three
And before the time everyone started singing
The supervisors threatened us that we will stay longer in the mud
If we continue singing
But we were insisting singing
Somehow, the clay became warmer
And the swamp land was not far from us
If I learned something during my travel around the world
It is the power of hope
The power of one person
Washington, Lincoln, King, or Mandela
Even the young girl from Malala Pakistan
One person can change the world by giving people hope
So if you want to change the world
Start each day by completing a mission
He helped anyone in his life
Respect everyone, know that life is not fair and will fall again and again
But if you take a risk
Standing in difficult times, standing against bullies, raising the weak and miserable
And never will never give up
If you do such things
The next generation and the next generation
They will experience this world much better than we lived
What certainly seemed here
He changed the world for the better